# Ybox

The Ybox™ is an exciting new digital service and gaming platform. This platform aims to be the one stop shop for all things gaming and allow the user to get everything they need from one place. Ybox™ will facilitate game ownership, console development, game creation and community services. By controlling the hardware and software of our platform we can provide the user with the most consistent and well-rounded experience giving us a competitive advantage. Our goal is to be recognized as the name-brand for all things gaming. 

The Ybox™ can be purchased on our website, in-person at one of our stores, or even at one of our partnered stores. When purchasing our Ybox™, you can choose whether you would like to pay for it upfront or in multiple payments over time. We offer this option to our customers who may not have the current funds to purchase the Ybox™. The Ybox™’s sleek design is a game-changer. At just 5” x 5” x 8”, you can fit it anywhere in your house, such as on top of the table in the living room or inside of a bedroom drawer. Its compact size also makes it easy to pack and bring with you on a long trip. Additionally, critics are raving about Ybox™’s performance. Our cutting-edge technology allows for a smooth playing experience without delays so you never miss a second of the action.

Ybox™ games are also available for purchase online. This will link your purchase to your account allowing you to access your games from any device. Digital games are on the rise, as many consoles are switching away from disks and focusing on digital editions. Digital games are easy for the consumer, every option they need is right there on the Ybox™ for them and there's no need to worry about where to fit all the gaming cases anymore. Having the luxury of digital games means that you don't have to go to the store and try to beat the crowd, you can just wait at home on your couch and download the game from there. In addition, the user can upgrade their subscription to Ybox™ Max which gives them monthly access to a variety of games. The user can play these games as long as they maintain their subscription. With the subscription the user will also be able to access games before they officially launch. We are committed to giving our users backwards compatibility across all devices and generations as we grow and move on. 

On the Ybox™ website, we also sell accessories. From colored controllers, headphones, to hard drives, we sell all our brand named products online! Ybox™ will provide more high-tech functions for the controller like rechargeable batteries, grip shells around the controller, and extra joysticks for users. Ybox™ licenses our technology to partner brands. Our partners include reputable brands in the gaming industry such as, Razer, Turtle Beach, and HyperX.  Using the best gear will improve our customers gaming experience. We want our users to be able to have their own way of customising what they want while they play Ybox™. Ybox™ will also sell gift cards at gaming stores and supermarkets. Our company will give our customers the best accessories to provide them the greatest gaming experience. 

